README.md, before:

# Objective
The aim of this project is to utilize Ruby code to automate some frequently used commands. For example: `git`.

# Git
The `Git` module enables the user to automate basic git commands. For example, if you'd like to commit all your current work, you can the following bash alias to commit all your work and have the ruby code ask for a commit subject, a detailed commit body, and automatically appends the Jira link based on the branch name:
```shell
alias commit="COMMIT=true ruby path/to/commit.rb"
```
Please note, this means that the branch name needs to follow a particular standard.

## Classes

### `Git::Base`
Description: `Git::Base` is only used for the basic functionality needed to create a `Git` class.

Use: Regular abstract class inheritance, see following example.
```ruby
module Git
  class Rebase < Base
    # ... class stuff
  end
end
```

### `Git::Branch`
Description: `Git::Branch` is primarily used for basic functionality surrounding `git branch` commands.

Use: Instantiate a new branch object with `Git::Branch.new`.

Public methods:
- `.create_branch` - Driver code for creating a new branch with basic input from user.
- `.prune` - Driver code for pruning local branches provided in the `ARGV` array.
- `#current` - Returns the current branch name as a string.
- `#valid_push?` - Returns whether or not the branch is the `main` branch.
- `create_branch` - Instantiated driver code to run all the logic for `.create_branch`.
- `#delete` - Deletes a single branch matching a substring.
- `#prune` - Instantiated driver code to delete all branches matching the string patterns entered by the user.
- `#checkout` - Executes `git checkout` to a single branch that matches a substring. It will not switch branches if there are multiple branches matching the substring.
- `#main?` - Checks if the current branch is the `main` branch.
- `#jira_pattern?` - Checks to see if the current branch name matches a particular pattern: "dev_initials-(pod|eci)-(Integer)(-optional-descriptor)"

Commit message:

update readme with future changes

README.md, after:

# Objective
The aim of this project is to utilize Ruby code to automate some frequently used commands. For example: `git`.

# Future Changes
- Probably should redo how the ruby code is executed to run the specific commands.

# Git
The `Git` module enables the user to automate basic git commands. For example, if you'd like to commit all your current work, you can the following bash alias to commit all your work and have the ruby code ask for a commit subject, a detailed commit body, and automatically appends the Jira link based on the branch name:
```shell
alias commit="COMMIT=true ruby path/to/commit.rb"
```
Please note, this means that the branch name needs to follow a particular standard.

## Classes

### `Git::Base`
Description: `Git::Base` is only used for the basic functionality needed to create a `Git` class.

Use: Regular abstract class inheritance, see following example.
```ruby
module Git
  class Rebase < Base
    # ... class stuff
  end
end
```

### `Git::Branch`
Description: `Git::Branch` is primarily used for basic functionality surrounding `git branch` commands.

Use: Instantiate a new branch object with `Git::Branch.new`.

Public methods:
- `.create_branch` - Driver code for creating a new branch with basic input from user.
- `.prune` - Driver code for pruning local branches provided in the `ARGV` array.
- `#current` - Returns the current branch name as a string.
- `#valid_push?` - Returns whether or not the branch is the `main` branch.
- `create_branch` - Instantiated driver code to run all the logic for `.create_branch`.
- `#delete` - Deletes a single branch matching a substring.
- `#prune` - Instantiated driver code to delete all branches matching the string patterns entered by the user.
- `#checkout` - Executes `git checkout` to a single branch that matches a substring. It will not switch branches if there are multiple branches matching the substring.
- `#main?` - Checks if the current branch is the `main` branch.
- `#jira_pattern?` - Checks to see if the current branch name matches a particular pattern: "dev_initials-(pod|eci)-(Integer)(-optional-descriptor)"
